hello guys we are here for another biology class and today's subject
about photosynthesis
the process is super important for the lives of animals and plants
and to our initial question
accompany
how photosynthesis interferes with the production of
petronon
this important process for the life of animals and also of plants
besides helping in the nutrition process because through the
photosynthesis than the vegetable
produces its food
and feed is transferred to the animals
it also collaborates as an energy source as in the case of oil
help in the formation of oil now how can this process
participate in oil formation
This is what we are going to talk about in class.
the whole process how to act in the life of living beings
so if you now have some important images
we have the image of a vegetable folia
the water intake
brought by the root that was mine.
absorbed by the root arriving until it was through the car
in the hospitalized region outside we will find vegetable acerola
the seattle scene the presence of the knots did not pass
observe that it occurred in the internal large pyanema platform
and besides renata and external
The inner region of the skull passed through the west at sea.
and we have there
running style says watch the sap
India
structures where we will find there
colorau row important pigment for the process of photosynthesis
put to wish
folia is the main organ responsible for photosynthesis
because there we find the chloroplasts
we found the chlorophyll
responsible for the absorption of light
but in addition to the presence of chlorophyll
the environment must be here nothing but we have to try to change
to participate in this process
why is the light that will help in the synthesis of photosynthesis
so to summarize like this process
I would like you to always follow
the photosynthesis equation
then the general equation of photosynthesis then to run the
process has to have water
h2oh
of al aqsa of carbon or carbon dioxide that drives 2
and need the light
darco parrot daughter
green pigment found in vegetables
that the folder is not present
translating 6:12 to 6 agricultural carbohydrates and
also producing water and producing something that serginho will be
subsequently released
to be used by animals
tacoma every month and preserve we have to have nudes
chlorophyll
to perform the process of synthesis of water transformation
one of these carbon days
there is a record
in carbohydrate
which is the staple food for vegetables and that carbohydrate is going
give rise to other substances
which will also be necessary to live the vegetable
for their growth development
and also of production
so basically carbohydrate is the necessary food for life to two
vegetables why vegetables are considered to be fox buses
they can produce their own food
now the photosynthesis is such a wide process
and to facilitate the understanding of these processes
I would like you to observe the phases of photosynthesis
so we have there the process divided into two steps
the luminous stage or do it - and also known as making photochemistry
it's dark there
or chemical
also known as step
of the entire process
in the name of our step
he himself is not saying we have the presence of the
bush
participating in the process
and this light it will be absorbed by the krona the son in the green perimeter of the
vegetables
the protein becomes excited and the presence of light
release the energy
this energy released by the clear thin
this responsible
in the formation of a compound
energy known as tarp
which means they have adenosine
in fact it is the energy
that will be used by fish
in all its processes
realize what the adept is formed from the home vpl
more
the pei that is the phosphate or owen and owen
as we have seen
in this process of photosynthesis
atp was formed
because of the presence of light energy
the light energy converted into chemical energy
I believed
atp is also well known
because it is an energetic source for our metabolism
for the metabolism of living things
generally so many animals as the vegetables
now let's continue our process the fact
chemistry of photosynthesis
when boil approach photosynthesis reaction